Instead of using AI to generate plots every time, I want you to create a table in the data base that contains the options to pick from for this. The table should have the following columns: PlotID, spanishLevel, duration, plotDescription (use what ever standards you want for naming or whatever but that is the premise). Let's generate 100 records for every spanishLevel/duration to start out with.

I like that you display 3 plot options, but I'd like the user to be able to choose a different one if none of those 3 work. In the front end, it would be nice to load the first 3 quickly and then the rest of the options for this spanishlevel/duration in the background so if the user wants different options after the first 3, it is snappy. Idk if that is necessary... maybe loading all options in one request won't be too expensive... you decide (I'll likely add to this table over time)

Also, it would be neat for the user to be able to write their own plot, but I have to think we need some guard rails for this. Maybe we can have character boundries (mainly thinking we need a minimum). We also need to make sure it is appropriate for the spirit of the app -- and secure: we don't want any personal information provided (ssn/email/phone num). I DO NOT want to worry about safeguarding any personal information. So let's slap some guardrails on this without AI (such as character count boundriews) and then if that passes, let's hand it to the AI to see if the plot is okay to use. Make the option for the user to create their own plot a little more subtle than the preset options.

I also want the user's plot title choice and description to appear at the top of the history page while in game. You'll notice i made a pr to clean up the main narrative area such that less information is present there. I don't need that much history.

Also, we have done quite a bit of work since the start of this app. I want this app to be nice to use for both mobile and desktop. Right now, if I mock up viewing the app on the iphone se, the ScrollArea for where the story lives is incredibly small. I think we need to re-evaluate UX while keeping all existing elements. Can you do that?